BUG List/ Potential Issues

//I put this together thinking it might help//

1. Scrolling - When ogin presented with three screens 
- (Cant scroll forward using arrows or The three dots at bottom)

2.No Home Button

3.No Sign out option (Can close but Sign out would be usful)

4.on the create account screen - the text boxes turn white
when you type in to them and dont change back to the blue they where once you tap away

5.(Possibly a non fault) If the Date of birth tab is meant to show actual date - it shows the correct Moth and day but reads year 2000

6.on the ome screen = click "Emergency" (The popupwindow comes up) 
Close the popup vi the 'X' The "Enable GPS" Flickers from "Start Journey" / "Aquiering GPS" bac to the "Enable GPS"

7.(Not Quite a bug but...) Under the score Tab - the 'i' button opens information on how scoring works.
The spacing on the title 'Driving Score' and the paragraph its above is 2x te size of the other titles. Other than that page is good.

8.Under the software Licence aknowlagments screen -
'Thrift', 'CrashAnylitics' and 'Amazon AWS SDK' options links to the 'Apache' T&Cs and not there own (If there is a differance)
8.1a - also 'Spongy Castle' is incorect the licence when open reads - 'The Bouncy Castle'

9.App version reads as 1.7.8.13r not as if opend 1.7.8.13 (Generic)

10.the create a profile add a photo circle distorts pictures - think the imagescales might be off due to Shape maybe?

11.Under My Profile - create a profile - Name Test33333, Image Any, Description 'Lego and tea' Create
Go to youre profile
Edit icon
Change the name Phil, Change the image, when the app reopens the name will have reverted to the old name EG Test33333.
This also effects the Description and if you change both before the image they areboth reverted - all happens before save 

12. Still on the profile change - change the image issue
click edit -the picture disapears while screen loads - if you chnage the image and save the image flicks back to old image.


13...ish - Might not be part of the app yet but the Send button on Report issue or feedback dosent send feedback anywhere. 
It prompts foryou to send to one of youre personal phone contacts.

 